c:\users\linkman3211\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HammerGander\HammerGander\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\HammerGander.exe
c:\users\linkman3211\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HammerGander\HammerGander\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\HammerGander.pdb
c:\users\linkman3211\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HammerGander\HammerGander\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\linkman3211\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HammerGander\HammerGander\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\linkman3211\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HammerGander\HammerGander\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\linkman3211\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HammerGander\HammerGander\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\linkman3211\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HammerGander\HammerGander\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\linkman3211\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HammerGander\HammerGander\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\linkman3211\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HammerGander\HammerGander\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\linkman3211\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HammerGander\HammerGander\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\linkman3211\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HammerGander\HammerGander\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\linkman3211\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HammerGander\HammerGander\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\linkman3211\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HammerGander\HammerGander\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\linkman3211\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HammerGander\HammerGander\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\linkman3211\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HammerGander\HammerGander\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\linkman3211\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HammerGander\HammerGander\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\linkman3211\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HammerGander\HammerGander\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\linkman3211\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HammerGander\HammerGander\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\linkman3211\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HammerGander\HammerGander\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\linkman3211\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HammerGander\HammerGander\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\linkman3211\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HammerGander\HammerGander\obj\x86\Debug\HammerGander.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\linkman3211\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HammerGander\HammerGander\obj\x86\Debug\HammerGander.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\linkman3211\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HammerGander\HammerGander\obj\x86\Debug\HammerGander.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\users\linkman3211\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HammerGander\HammerGander\obj\x86\Debug\HammerGander.exe
c:\users\linkman3211\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HammerGander\HammerGander\obj\x86\Debug\HammerGander.pdb
C:\Users\Linkman3211\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HammerGander\HammerGander\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\graphics\ship.xnb
